Expire orders (#17)
conekta/ct-woocommerce-plugin: readme.txt

4. You will need to configure SSL since the user will be entering their credit card information directly in the checkout. They will not be redirected to another page.

== Changelog ==
= 3.7.6 =

> * supports order.expired and order.cancelled for changing order status

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* supports events listening (order.expired and order.cancelled) for OXXO and SPEI
*  update order status (cancelled and expired)
```
